README.md, before:

## Overview for the Folder Structure Project

The repository contains a project that implements a folder structure with features to create, rename, delete, and change the color of folders and files.

## Usage

To run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory in your terminal.
3. Install dependencies using `yarn`.
4. Start the development server using `yarn dev`.
5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173` to view the application.

## Improvements

1. Cut down the states which can be avoided.
2. Can use useReducer to handle complex states.
3. Implement validations to prevent duplicate names.
4. Implement Finder like folder structure UI.
5. Implement Breadcrumbs with navigation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

For more detailed information, please refer to the repository: [folder-structure](https://github.com/sid10297/folder-structure)

Commit message:

add controls in readme.md

README.md, after:

## Overview for the Folder Structure Project

The repository contains a project that implements a folder structure with features to create, rename, delete, and change the color of folders and files.

## Usage

To run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory in your terminal.
3. Install dependencies using `yarn`.
4. Start the development server using `yarn dev`.
5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173` to view the application.

## Controls

1. Right click on any file or folder to see its related options.
2. All the labels are still visible on mouse hover.

## Improvements

1. Cut down the states which can be avoided.
2. Can use useReducer to handle complex states.
3. Implement validations to prevent duplicate names.
4. Implement Finder like folder structure UI.
5. Implement Breadcrumbs with navigation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

For more detailed information, please refer to the repository: [folder-structure](https://github.com/sid10297/folder-structure)
